In this lecture we will learn about the border properties that CSSA allows us to animi the full list
of these properties is border border bottom border bottom color border bottom left radius border bottom
right radius border bottom with border color border last border left collar border left with border
right border right color border right with border spacing border top border top color border top left
radius border top right radius and border top with in the example for this lecture.
We're going to learn how we can take a dive in the shape of a square and animate it into a circle by
modifying its border properties.
First let's create a div that we will animate in this example.
Next let's add the opening and closing style tags that we will need so that we can write our style and
animation code.
After that we will write the style code for our div..
We'll give our div a width and height of 100 pixels.
We will also give it a solid border of three pixels and make the border black.
The animation we will write will be called Border radius and have a duration of two seconds and loop.
Let's write the animation code to be applied to Argive.
We will specify a keyframe of 50 percent for all four of our properties that we will animi border top
right radius border top left radius border bottom right radius and border bottom left radius.
All of these properties we will set to a value of 150 pixels at keyframe 50 percent.
Let's jump to the web browser and run our code as you can see the square and unmakes into a circle and
the animation loops over and over in the next lecture we will learn about the text properties that CSSA
allows us to animate.